Arity Privacy Statement

Effective date: May 25, 2022

At Arity, we take data privacy seriously. We aim to be transparent and upfront about our privacy practices, including how collect, use and share your personal information. This Privacy Statement is provided on behalf of all Arity companies (“Arity”, “we” or “us”). While this Privacy Statement addresses data privacy requirements from across the globe, some parts of this Privacy Statement apply to certain countries only. We urge all visitors to our site to read this Privacy Statement in its entirety.

Use this Table of Contents to link directly to a specific section of the Privacy Statement.

About Arity
Personal information we collect
Sources of personal information
Business client’s use of information
Sharing your information
Retention of personal information
Privacy practices for select Arity products
Cookies and other tracking technologies and settings
California privacy rights and choices
Specific information related to users in the EU, EK, EEA, and Switzerland
Social media, links, and external sites
Security
Children’s personal information
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Statement
About Arity

Arity is a global technology company focused on making transportation smarter, safer, and more useful for everyone. Arity transforms large amounts of data into actionable insights to help better predict risk and make smarter decisions in real time. Arity provides services directly to consumers and indirectly through companies such as mobile application providers and insurance companies to capture and understand driving behavior. Arity also provides some products, such as its marketing solutions products, only to business customers, referred to as business clients, for their internal purposes, unrelated to their consumer products or services. Arity designs its products and services with privacy and data protection in mind.

Arity works with many different business clients such as mobile application providers, fleet management and sharing economy companies, vehicle manufacturers, and insurance companies. When working with these business clients, sometimes Arity collects information directly from consumers and sometimes the business client collects the information and shares that information with Arity. Arity also sometimes acts as a service provider to the business clients and when it does so Arity’s use of personal information is subject to the business client’s privacy policies.

Personal information we collect

Arity collects both personal and other information about you. Personal information (also referred to as personal data in some jurisdictions) is data that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly with you. In contrast, non-personal information does not and cannot reveal an individual’s identity such as information that has been deidentified, anonymized or aggregated.

In certain circumstances, Arity may collect contact and demographic information from users during a registration process for a product or service in connection with Arity’s role as a service provider to its business clients. When Arity acts as a service provider, the collection and use of personal information is subject to the privacy policies of the business clients and not this Privacy Statement.

Please note that the personal information collected from or about you will differ based on the products, features and services you use, your relationship with Arity and the country in which the products, features and services are provided. For example, Arity only collects motor vehicle records in connection with products and services provided by insurance companies.

The following are the categories of personal information that we have collected and shared for at least the past 12 months that is subject to this Privacy Statement, and examples of the information that may be considered personal information that fall into those categories:

Geolocation data: Includes geolocation coordinates, including latitude, longitude, and altitude, your direction of travel, Wi-Fi access points, and the time the information was recorded.
Personal identifiers: Includes name, alias, postal address, phone number, VIN, unique personal identifier, online identifier- such as Mobile Ad IDs, internet protocol (IP) address, and email address.
Characteristics of Protected Class: Age, marital status, and gender.
Commercial and service related information: If Arity’s services are provided in connection with an insurance product (provided either by an insurance company, shared economy company or employer), we may also receive the following information in a form that is not directly linked to an individual: Insurance policyholder demographic information and policy information, insurance claims data, Motor Vehicle Records (Driver’s license information, violations, convictions, and license status) and other consumer report data, including credit score.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (including mobile app information): Includes browsing history, search history, information regarding your interaction with our website, mobile apps, and advertisements we facilitate, links you use, referral pages or web pages you visit while visiting our websites, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), and cookies. It also includes mobile app and device usage information (e.g., frequency of use, application marketplace from where you downloaded the mobile app, operating system and time zone) and driving behavior (e.g., phone handling, miles, speed, and if a mobile app detects a collision, information about the collision).
Inferences: Inferences drawn from personal information collected to create a profile reflecting preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and driving habits and behavior. For example, Arity may derive miles traveled, acceleration, deceleration, braking behavior, cornering, speed, and trip routing from information coming from your mobile device, including location data.
Sources of personal information

We collect personal information and other information about you in several ways and from several sources. Personal information and other information is collected from the following sources:

Directly from consumers via a business client’s mobile app, Arity’s mobile app (for example, Routely) or other device installed in a vehicle. For some products, Arity embeds its technology in business clients’ mobile app, allowing Arity to collect geolocation and related driving behavior information directly from consumers. Arity also collects information directly from consumers via its own mobile apps and in-vehicle devices.
From Arity business clients via their mobile app or other device or directly from the business client (not via the mobile app) in connection with services you’ve requested from the business client. For example, a business client may provide Arity with information not collected from an app that would help Arity better develop its models.
From other parties such as our corporate affiliates, data brokers and service providers.
Directly from consumers during or in connection with an interview, survey or similar interaction.
From third parties when Arity is acting as a service provider. Arity often acts as a service provider to business clients and collects and uses certain additional personal information only in connection with performing services on behalf of those business clients. The use of this information is subject to the privacy practices of those business clients and not this Privacy Statement.
Use of information

Arity’s use of your information differs based on your services, features and products and your country of origin. See Specific Information Related to Users in the EU, UK, EEA and Switzerland below for details about the collection and use of data from data subjects in the European Union, United Kingdom, European Economic Area or Switzerland. See also Privacy Practices for Select Arity Products below for more details about the differences in data usage for certain products.

Personal and other information may be used for business purposes including to:

Create, deliver or improve our services, features and products. We may use your personal and other information to create, deliver or improve our services, features or products. We use personal and other information to perform actuarial studies, model development, and statistical analysis to refine our risk modeling and analytics that allows us to create, deliver or improve our products and services, including providing services to our business clients. Our services, features and products, such as telematics features within a mobile app (Routely or a business client’s app, for example), may be provided directly to you in connection with your relationship with one of our business clients or may be provided to you by or through the business client. We also use personal and other information to improve or repair our services, features and products, including addressing bugs or other issues.
Facilitate a business client’s services, features and products: Arity’s services, features and products are provided to you, directly or indirectly, in connection with a relationship you have with one of our business clients and facilitate the business clients’ services or products. These services, features and products, that rely on Arity’s use of your information and sharing of information with a business client, may include:
Creating insights on driving behavior based on geolocation and other driving related data, which is provided to our business clients for purposes of the business client providing you a service or product such as insurance, family or friendship groups or weather and traffic information, which may include providing some of those insights to you;
Providing functionality in Routely or a business client mobile application, such as providing you with navigation services or information on how to improve the safety of your driving;
Diagnosing your vehicle’s trouble codes;
Providing you with towing and repair options or contacting emergency personnel;
Providing you offers for products and services that may interest you based on your location.
Conduct analytics and research. We also use personal and other information to conduct research and analysis for purposes of product development, enhancement or improvement to products and services or for other reasons in the public interest. Where possible, we use anonymized or deidentified information for model development and analytics and have implemented practices to limit the use of personal information for analytics purposes.
Targeted advertising. We may use advertising identifiers associated with your mobile device (commonly known as a Mobile Ad ID) to create segments of similar individuals based on analysis of driving behavior and to serve third-party interest-based advertising based on geolocation information and other driving behavior information and habits. We serve these ads to you directly and through third-party advertising platforms. Note that Arity does not collect or use Mobile Ad IDs from the Routely app, insurance provider apps or from individuals in certain jurisdictions; however, Arity may collect Mobile Ad IDs through other non-insurance related business clients or other data providers.
Improve, develop and analyze our websites. We use personal information and other information to analyze, improve, develop or deliver our website using algorithms, analytics software and other similar methods and analyze how visitors use our website to improve the website and enhance and personalize your experience. We collect some information used for these purposes using analytics software, cookies and other tracking technologies. For more information about the collection and use of this information, see Arity’s Cookie Statement.
Communicate with you about your service, feature or product. We may use your personal information to communicate with you about a service, feature or product, respond to customer service requests, or to investigate, respond to, and resolve issues or complaints or other inquiries. We may also provide you confirmations or other service or product related messages. Communication may be via text, email or other available methods such as push notifications.
Provide marketing communications. We may use personal information to send our business clients and other business customers promotional communications via email or other method about products, services, features and options we believe may be of interest.
Comply with legal requirements and protect the safety and security of our business, services, and Sites. We may use your personal information to comply with laws, regulations or other legal obligations, to assist in an investigation, to protect and defend our rights and property or the rights of third parties or enforce terms and conditions. We may also use your personal information to prevent suspected fraud, threats to our network or other illegal activities, prevent misuse or for any other reason permitted by law. We may use your personal information to protect our company, our affiliates, our customers, our network and our websites and mobile apps.
Update or correct our records. We may use personal information collected about you from you or other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, to update our records.
Business client's use of information

Arity shares your information with its business clients as part of your purchase of services from those business clients. Those business clients include, but are not limited to, insurance companies that provide rewards or discounts as well as app providers who track the location of members of a defined group or who provide weather related information. If you have purchased an insurance product offered by an Arity business client that provides rewards or discounts, then your information may also be used by that business client to calculate any discounts or rewards provided under the product or service. Our insurance company business clients may also use your information to update their pricing and underwriting models. All such use of your personal information by our business clients is subject to their privacy policies and not this Privacy Statement.

Sharing your information

We may share personal information about you for many different reasons and with different parties including with service providers and other third parties whenever you consent to or direct such sharing. We may also share your personal information with our affiliates for business purposes consistent with the uses described in this Privacy Statement.

For all personal information that can reasonably be aggregated, anonymized and/or deidentified, Arity will take steps to do so before sharing with unaffiliated third parties. This means that we will take steps to alter that personal information such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you or relate the information back to you. For any personal information that cannot be completely aggregated and/or anonymized, we will modify the information before sharing to remove direct identifiers such as name, account number, address, or unique vehicle or device identifier. Before sharing such deidentified or modified information with unaffiliated third parties, Arity contractually prohibits third parties from taking any steps to reidentify the data or relate any anonymized or deidentified personal information back to you and also contractually limits the purposes for which they can use the information. When we share information, we strive to work with companies that share our commitment to privacy.

We may share your personal or other information for business purposes or as required or permitted by law with:

Business clients:We share your personal information with our business clients through which you receive Arity’s features, products or services. For example, when using the Routely mobile app or a business client mobile app that has Arity’s technology embedded, information is shared with our business client for purposes of servicing the product or service you have requested from that business client. If you are using the Routely mobile app as a driver relative to your employer’s usage-based commercial insurance policy, information may be shared with your employer.
Service providers to Arity: Personal information may be shared with service providers who perform services on our behalf for a business purpose including service providers that: provide marketing and advertising, email or other communication services; provide services that support our online activities including providing tracking technologies, web hosting and analytics; provide tax and accounting, legal services, delivery, and data enhancement services; provide technology services and enhance security, privacy and fraud protections; provide analytics services or conduct research or actuarial studies; and provide support to our operations.
Marketing and advertising partners: We share personal and other information (including Mobile Ad IDs) with third party online and other marketing and advertising partners to serve interest-based targeted advertising based on driving behaviors. Arity also permits third party online and other marketing and advertising partners to collect information from you directly on our websites and mobile apps to facilitate online advertising. See Arity’s Cookie Statement for more details about these activities.
Third parties in connection with a business transaction: Personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of any or all of our company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by an affiliate or third party, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons: Personal information may be disclosed to third parties, as required by law or subpoena, or if we reasonably believe such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of regulators, law enforcement or other public authorities, protect our or others safety, rights or property, and investigate fraud or to protect the security or integrity of our websites and mobile apps or any product or services.
We share the following categories of personal information with the following parties:

Geolocation data: Business clients; Service providers to Arity; Marketing and advertising partners; Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Characteristics of Protected Class: Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Internet or other electronic network activity information: Business clients; Service providers to Arity; Marketing and advertising partners; Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Inferences: Business clients; Service providers to Arity; Marketing and advertising partners; Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Personal identifiers: Business clients; Service providers to Arity; Marketing and advertising partners; Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Service or product related information: Business clients; Service providers to Arity; Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Retention of personal information

We store personal information for as long as necessary to provide products and services to you and others, to comply with legal obligations, to administer any product or service or for other reasonable business purposes consistent with the reasons the information was provided. Refining and developing statistical models relies on information collected over a long period of time and this information is stored until it is no longer needed to provide products or services to you and to develop and refine our models. Where possible, we keep this information in a deidentified format. We retain Mobile AdID and geolocation information used to serve targeted advertising for up to 3 years from the date of collection. When no longer needed, we delete or deidentify the personal information. We review our data retention policies periodically and comply with local legal requirements.

Privacy practices for select Arity products

Marketing Solutions Tailored Advertising Service: Marketing Solutions is a suite of products provided by Arity that uses geolocation and other driving behavior data collected from drivers via mobile apps for the purposes of creating marketing models and using outputs of those models to serve advertisements via Arity’s telematics-based advertising network or external advertising networks. Arity does not disclose geolocation data to third parties for advertising purposes. For the Marketing Solutions products suite, Arity collects geolocation and other driving behavior data as well as identifiers such as Mobile AdID or UserID, creates a score for each driver based on the driving behavior and geolocation data, and then groups drivers into audiences for targeted advertising purposes based on the scores. For advertising using the external advertising networks, the Mobile AdID is used to connect the scores with an individual. To opt out of receiving targeted advertising from the Marketing Solutions product, see Opt-out of Targeted Advertising below. To opt out of advertising via Arity’s in-app network, refer to the user rights and data sharing controls in the mobile application.

Arity is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and we adhere to the NAI Codes of Conduct. To learn more about the NAI and the Code of Conduct please visit: The NAI Code of Conduct.

Arity IQ℠: Arity IQ is a service offered by one of our affiliates, Arity Services LLC, which is a consumer reporting agency regulated by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). We furnish geolocation data and driving behavior information to Arity Services LLC, which uses the data to create a consumer report which is provided to insurance company business clients in connection with obtaining an insurance quote. These insurance companies will only order this consumer report from Arity Services LLC with the express consent of the consumer requesting a quote. For information on your rights under FCRA relating to this product including how to exercise a consumer request click here.

Cookies and other tracking technologies and settings

Tracking Technologies used online: When you visit our websites or use our mobile apps, we automatically collect information about your use of and access to these websites and mobile apps using a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons (also called “clear GIFs” or pixel tags), embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, analytics, remarketing and similar technology (collectively, “tracking technologies”).

We and our third-party marketing service providers (such as Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, and DemandBase) use these tracking technologies to help us provide users with an enhanced and more customized web experience. Additionally, we and our service providers use tracking technologies, analytics, and other technologies to monitor visits to arity.com. For additional details about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, including how not to accept cookies, see the Arity’s Cookie Statement.

Your choices regarding cookies: If you prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to manage cookies in your browser settings to disable or block cookies, remove existing cookies, automatically accept cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie. Options available may vary by browser. However, if you disable, modify, or reject cookies, some parts or functionalities of our Site may be inaccessible or not function properly. For example, disabling cookies may require you to repeatedly enter information to take advantage of services or promotions.

Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we are not able to respond to “Do Not Track” signals and user-enable global privacy controls from your browser at this time.

Collection of information from mobile devices: Geolocation and other driving behavior information is collected via Mobile Apps only when Location Services is enabled on your devices. Other permissions through the operating system of your device may also be required for our services or products to function properly. If enabled, the Routely or business client mobile app may collect location data in the background of your device in order to understand your driving behaviors even while you are not engaging with the Routely or business client mobile application. Disabling the location services functionality on your mobile device may impact your service.

Opt-out from Targeted Advertising: You can control the use of your information for some interest-based advertising served on a mobile device by using the DAA’s AppChoices app on your mobile device. To do so, install the AppChoices app from the your device’s app store, select “CCPA Opt-Out Tool” and select the “send” button next to Arity’s logo. This will not stop all interest-based advertising.

You can also limit receiving interest-based online ads without downloading the DAA AppChoices app by opting out using your mobile phone settings. Android Users (version 2.3 and above) may “Opt out of Ads Personalization” by following the instructions provided by Google in Google Play Help. iOS Users (version 6 and above) may “Limit Ad Tracking” by following the instructions provided in the Apple Support Center. Please note that if you opt out of receiving interest-based ads you will continue to receive ads but the ads may be less relevant to you because they will not be based on information about you. Some interest-based advertising can also be controlled within the settings of the individual mobile applications.

California privacy rights and choices

California residents have certain rights to access and delete their personal information as well as other rights described below.

To submit a request, visit arity.consumerprivacyinfo.com or email us at consumerrequests@arity.com. Responses to a verified request may take up to 45 calendar days, or longer depending on the nature of the request. If additional time is needed, we will notify you of the additional time. We may only respond to two access requests within a 12-month period. Requests from authorized agents must be submitted via the same online portal or email address.

Right to Access Your Personal Information: You have the right to request that we disclose to you certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months including:

the categories of personal information collected;
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which personal information was collected;
the business purpose for collecting the personal information, and
the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
To enhance user privacy, Arity maintains data in a way that cannot be reasonably associated with any individual. Therefore, in most cases, we will be unable to verify your identity and locate your data, and will be unable to return specific pieces of information to you. However, you may be able to request information collected by Arity from one of our business clients who provide you with a product or service.

Right to Deletion of Personal Information: You have the right to request we delete the personal information we collected. We will delete your personal information in response to a verifiable request unless needed to:

Complete a transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify or repair errors that impair functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation, or
Otherwise use your persona information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Sale of Personal Information: We do not sell personal information for monetary value. To facilitate the delivery of targeted advertising, we share unique mobile advertising identifiers (Mobile Ad ID) with advertising publishers. Under California law, sharing these unique advertising identifiers for online advertising may be considered a “sale” of information. Except for this kind of sharing, Arity does not sell any other information. To make a request for Arity to not share your unique Mobile Ad ID, please click here.

Non-Discrimination Rights: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights.

Consumer Request Metrics: The following lists the number of access and deletion requests Arity received, complied with and denied from residents of California in 2021 and the average number of days it took to complete a request. To enhance user privacy, Arity does not store or associate driving behavior information with name, phone number, address, or any other data.  Because of the way Arity keeps data, we cannot reasonably match a person’s identity driving behavior information, resulting in the denial of deletion and disclosure requests. Similarly, we are unable to track opt-out requests to provide accurate metrics.

2021 Data Access Requests
Number of requests received	1
Number of requests complied with in whole or in part	0
Number of requests denied	1
Average days to complete a request	1
 

2021 Data Deletion Requests
Number of requests received	17
Number of requests complied with in whole or in part	0
Number of requests denied	17
Average days to complete a request	1
Specific information for users in the EU, UK, EEA, and Switzerland

This section applies to personal information (referred to in this section as personal data) collected from users in the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland or otherwise subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Our Legal Basis for Processing: For personal data that we process in connection with any products or services we offer to you or our business clients, we will generally process that personal data (i) based on consent, (ii) in order to take steps at your request, or (iii) for our legitimate interests in providing our services to you or otherwise in supporting the business needs.

Your Access and Choices: You may have the following rights in relation to your personal data:

Rectify any inaccurate personal data that we hold about you;
Have your personal data erased under certain circumstances;
Have the processing of your personal data restricted where you dispute its accuracy, if you think its processing is unlawful, if you otherwise object to its processing, or when we no longer need your personal data and you need it in relation to a legal claim;
Have access to your personal data, and the right to receive copies of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transfer those copies to another data controller, under certain circumstances;
Complain to your national data protection regulator if you feel that any of your personal information is not being processed in accordance with the GDPR.
To exercise your rights to access, rectify or erase your personal data, you can submit a request at aritygdpr.consumerprivacyinfo.com. 

Use of your Personal Data for Analytics and Profiling: We use your personal data to assist in our development of predictive driving models. We may profile your personal data only for the purposes of creating a driving score (“Driving Score”), which is used for our analytics purposes to develop and validate our predictive driving models.  To develop our predictive driving models we gather information about your driving behaviors, such as speed, change in speed, and other aspects of how much, where and when you drive to predict driving risk.  These driving behaviors may be combined with other demographic or geographic information about driving risk for certain locations, which incorporate relative risks.

However, we take steps to remove all personal data that is not necessary to the predictive driving models, and so while your Driving Score incorporates your GPS location data, it will not be directly connected to your name, contact information, or vehicle information unless we have obtained your explicit consent to do so in advance.

In addition, we do not do any of the following without obtaining your prior explicit consent to do so:

Use personal data or Driving Score to make automated decisions that have significant effects for individuals, because individuals are not identifiable within the data set;
Use any insights, model output, or Driving Scores with personal data for any purpose other than internal analytics or our predictive driving models; or
Use your profile or Drive Score to advertise to you.
After deidentifying the Driving Scores, we may share the deidentified Driving Scores with business clients. Please refer to the business client’s privacy notices for the products and services you have elected to use for details about their privacy practices.  Other than sharing deidentified Drive Scores with business clients, we do not share Drive Scores with third parties, unless we are required pursuant to lawful legal process.

Your Driving Score will in no way impact the availability or your use of our products or services.  As a reminder, you can see your Driving Score by reaching out to Arity using one of the methods in the “Contact Us” section.

Your Right to Withdraw Consent: If you withdraw your consent, we will stop processing the relevant personal data except to the extent we have other grounds for processing under applicable laws. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. You may withdraw your consent at any time; however, Arity will not be able to provide or continue to provide products or services to you.

There may be cases where restrictions on the amount of data that can be disclosed to data subjects under applicable law (for example, if that would necessarily involve disclosing data about another person). Arity is permitted to withhold some types of personal data in certain circumstances, subject to applicable local law requirements. If there is a dispute, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section. In addition, data subjects have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. The name and contact details of the supervisory authorities in the European Union can be found at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.

Contact Us: For questions about the collection of personal data by Arity, or to exercise the right to access, correct, update, or delete such data or object, for legitimate purposes, to the processing of personal data, as provided under applicable law, please contact us at:

For users in the UK:
Arity
Attn: Data Protection Representative
10 Mays Meadow
Belfast, Country Antrim, BT1 3PH
Northern Ireland

For users in the EU, EEA, and Switzerland:
Email: IT-FM-DPRArity875LLC@kpmg.it

Please note: When sending inquiries to us, we may need additional information such as the business client you have engaged for which we collected data to better assist you.

Personal Data Transfers: Transfers of personal data outside of the EU, UK or EEA must meet certain legal requirements. Arity relies on Standard Contractual Clauses that have been approved by the European Commission to comply with these requirements. Under the GDPR, Arity acts as data controller with respect to such transfers. Arity also ensures it uses corresponding Standard Contractual Clauses with any vendor that it engages in connection with the processing of any of your personal data that is subject to these transfer requirements.

EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield: Arity certifies compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from the EU, UK, EEA and Switzerland. Arity has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles, but does not rely on the Privacy Shield Frameworks for transfers of personal data. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.

Accountability for Onward Transfer: Where Arity transfers personal data as provided above to a third party, we will do so consistent with the notice provided to you and any consent provided (if applicable), and contractually require the third party to process the personal data for limited and specified purposes consistent with the lawful basis for processing, and provide us notice of any concerns with its ability to comply with these promises. We will also contractually require the third party to stop processing personal data or take other reasonable and appropriate steps to in the event it cannot meet its data protection obligations. Arity remains liable under the Privacy Shield Principles where any third-party service provider processes personal data subject to its Privacy Shield certification in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, except where Arity is otherwise not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

Recourse, Enforcement and Liability: Arity’s participation in the Privacy Shield Frameworks is subject to investigation and enforcement by the Federal Trade Commission. Arity commits to address inquiries, requests to exercise your rights under applicable law, or resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, after you have contacted us at the email below, if we are unable to resolve your concerns, Arity has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. Further, under certain circumstances, data subjects may also be able to involve binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield Panel to be created by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission. Arity may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

Social media, links, and external sites

Links to other companies’ websites may be provided on the Arity website as a convenience to you. If you choose to go to these external websites, you will be subject to the privacy practices of those external websites; Arity is not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website to read the privacy policies or statements of every website you visit, as those privacy policies or statements may differ from ours.

Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

Security

Protecting your personal information is important to us. We use a combination of reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information. However, no website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof”. So, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.

We limit access to your personal information to those who need it to do their jobs. We comply with all applicable federal and state data security laws.

Children's personal information

We do not intentionally gather personal information about children, as defined by local law, except with parental consent. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child without parental consent as required by local law, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such data from our records.

Contact Us

If you should have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us through the below methods.

Please note: When sending inquiries to us, we may need additional information such as the business client you have engaged for which we collected data to better assist you.

For users in the U.S. and other users (outside of Switzerland, the UK, European Union, and EEA):

Email: privacy@arity.com

Mail: Arity
Attn: Data Protection Officer
PO Box 660086
Dallas, TX 75266
United States of America

For users in the United Kingdom:

Arity
Attn: Data Protection Representative
10 Mays Meadow
Belfast, Country Antrim, BT1 3PH
Northern Ireland

For users in the European Union, EEA, and Switzerland:

Email: IT-FM-DPRArity875LLC@kpmg.it

To request that you no longer receive promotional e-mails from Arity, please email us at info@arity.com.

Changes to this Privacy Statement

We may periodically update or revise this Privacy Statement. The effective date at the top of the document shows when this Privacy Statement was last revised. We will let you know when we update the Privacy Statement by changing the date or other appropriate means.